Good Morning,
welcome to the Business Breakfast Show presented by LIC.  Those
global cues seem somewhat positive to us at this time
.  Gift
Nifty also suggests.
After that one positive opening and yesterday's chaos, this world has only one
villain.
We don't need to name him,
everyone knows who he is. With his single
statement yesterday, while we were expecting the market to
go towards 24,500, the
Nifty jumped 500 points to 23,800
.  A single statement, the
profit earned over five days of hard work
evaporated in a single day with a single statement. A
wealth of 10 lakh crore rupees evaporated in a matter of minutes. As
seen yesterday, regarding the market capitalization of investors, this July series has reached
23805.
So, yesterday morning started very positively in the markets,
from there,
the Nifty is approaching the levels we are waiting for,
24,500.  Meanwhile, at one
and a half, our Kalnayak said that the ceasefire was canceled.
Along with the cancellation of the ceasefire, he also said, "I don't want to deal with
Iran, so it's a waste of
time. Dealing with Iran is not only that, but he
also used another word, "Iranians are sick people." No one else has the right or authority to
insult the people of a country regarding the Iranian people
.  Not only that country has it, but people from neighboring countries don't have it
either.  We can't use the word he used
here. He
is treating Iranians in such a wicked way. He is just as
wicked. I saw a tweet yesterday by
an American writer saying that Americans are
celebrating Independence Day
.  So, the only thing that happened on July 4th was that some
presidents or
former presidents, died while they were not presidents.
That tweet came the other day on July 4th.
A good writer named Randy Awood, a
writer I admire, gave a tweet.
He has
brought America and the people of other countries to a situation where even the president of the country wants to die on July 4th.  So we
thought yesterday morning that he would make a statement this afternoon,
but we didn't think that there would be such a commotion. We thought that he would make a
statement. He said that
statement was a bit too emotional. He also said that
we no longer have a real peace problem with Iran.
Now Trump can do anything.
Everyone knows this.
We don't need to say it. But no
war and no peace. This is a
situation that Trump has created in the world. We can't
think that there is war. We can't think that there is peace. We can't think that there is
no peace. A few
days of peace, a few days of war. So no
war and no peace. This is a famous
statement. We can
apply it here now.  So overall, if the
global markets did this much yesterday, the
American markets will do the same this evening
because the
Iranians are asking us to change our statement again
.  They are
asking for peace and an agreement with you.  So
he said, "There's a chance I'll go back again."  At one
point, crude prices rose above $
80 after Trump's statement yesterday morning and yesterday afternoon. The
price of
Brent crude is still
trading between $7879. The Brent
crude price is trading at $79.16 and the
Nymex
is trading somewhere around $74.64.  So, once again, a
situation has arisen where oil imports become a burden.  We thought earlier that
Saudi Arabia would
give us a discount, Russian oil would enter the
market, Iranian oil would enter the
market. In the wake of all these developments, we
were celebrating that crude prices would reach $60, but
with Trump's behavior, as if he were saying, "Why am I quiet? Why am I going to make you happy? Why am I going to make you happy?", crude is now again
hovering around $80.  So
America has launched attacks on Iran again
.  And in return,
Iran
will do something to Saudi Arabia or neighboring countries. All this has
brought us to a situation where there is no stability or clarity. We have never seen a capricious person like Trump
because he is the
president of the country. We usually see him in society.
But
when would we expect a person who is the head of a superpower to do this? Because even since the MoU was signed, the
MoU was signed on June 22nd. Since
then, trust and
mistrust have been oscillating.   The
situation with that MOU seemed to be
somewhat provocative to Iran yesterday, and
then Trump responded
.  We also talked about Iran
attacking Saudi ships, both Qatari and Iranian,
yesterday morning
.  In response to that, his
statement came, okay, so far so good, but
the words he used and the language he used, it must be said that
the markets
overreacted a little yesterday in a situation where they could not understand him properly,
but let's see if there is
a positive opening this morning
because the KOSPI
is like the Korean index, it is
trading with a gain of about 1/2%, but the
Korean index has now gone
to ADR listing in SK Hynix USA.
This is the largest ADR listing,
after the previous ADR listing by Alibaba, I think in 2016-19, and
then the
largest ADR listing in history,
SK Hynix.  And there
was no response, seven times the subscription rate. If it weren't
for SK Hynix ADR, the
Nasdaq would have closed positive last night
.  Nvidia
closed positively there, and
chip manufacturing companies like AMD and Broadcom
saw profits in all of them.  The reason is that
Nvidia will start selling their H200
chips to China again
.
They are likely to sell half a million of those chips this year
.  So there is still positivity there,
but the world has been turned upside down. Even if
yesterday and this morning
started out positive, that sentiment
will eventually fade, that sentiment will eventually
be fixed, because world
peace has never been so fragile, so weak
.  We have never seen such a situation since we were born and became intelligent.
Now, a small strait can
put the entire world in a dilemma.  So,
since we are faced with such a situation, there is a possibility that
sentiment will turn negative again
.   They are
cautiously in the FIS buying mood. They
bought yesterday as well. In fact, there
is a black deal. They are also
buying FIS for four sessions in connection with the crop science.
The situation will improve and the lag gaps will
start to perform.  We talked about the
potential for private banks to grow well
.  But all of this has been put in
jeopardy again with yesterday's blow. That doesn't
mean the markets will go back down from here, but
yesterday's developments have once again proven to us that there is a possibility of going up
.  Otherwise, there is no
doubt that there will be no such fall as we saw in March.  So take this as an opportunity to
buy.
People like Trump
are bringing good opportunities for buying. We should
thank Hima for occasionally
knocking down the market and giving us buying opportunities. So,
good sectors are
appearing, especially in the Indian
markets, which have come close to attractive levels in terms of valuations
.  That's a
clear index for us, so if we look at it, we'll
understand.   It
seems like even if we take Nifty or Nifty 500, that's a good opportunity for us.
So,
okay, if we take the Nifty 500,
because if we take the
Nifty, which has a lot of companies listed, then there will
be only 50 companies
in the Nifty 500. This is an index that
reflects almost 90% of the Indian market.
So now if
we look at the current PE of Nifty 500, it is 23. The 10-year
average is 26 to 28. So depending on the data,
some people say it is 26 according to one data,
27 according to another data, 28 according to another. However, it is still
lower than 26, that is,
almost a 15 to 17% discount.
Therefore, in terms of valuations, the Nifty 500 valuation is
close to the historical average and
looks attractive.
Earnings growth is visible. We
saw excellent growth last quarter.
From today onwards, we will understand what this quarter will be like.  TCS
numbers will come today.  Also, liquidity
conditions are good.
The IMF statement on the macroeconomic outlook
came out today.  India is going to continue to be the
fastest growing
economy in the world. Even though the
growth rate has been reduced by 1% for FY27,
we are still the
fastest growing economy and
corporate profitability is good.  In the context of such
favorable circumstances,
when only one geopolitical risk is hanging over us,
we have to move smartly. We have good sectors like renewable energy and
aerospace. What good opportunities there are in aerospace. In the past, Kranthi
gave us some recommendations in that space. What are some of the companies in that space?
Rosal Taxis, then PTC
Industries, etc. Similarly, the other day,
Bhavadeeyudu also gave us one in Hyderabad.
So, companies like this in aerospace
because now
we see a good situation in relation to the aerospace industry
.  All of these companies are
now not only qualified but also
winning those long-term deals.
These companies are winning good deals from OEMs, from companies like Airbus and Boeing.
So Aerospace is one interesting
industry in Defense Electronic
Manufacturing Services. Today
the government has given some concessions, like
duty relief extensions
till March 20-29. These concessional customs
duties on lithium ion batteries
may also be extended and some capital goods
exemptions have been given.  So today, EMS
companies are in the limelight, and
we are seeing an exciting space related to EVC
.  Those battery manufacturing companies
as well as electric vehicle manufacturing companies,
ancillary companies like Sansara Engineering
or Sonabilda, and pharma is a go-to sector for us.
We have various
segments and traditional companies like automobiles, FMCG, and
NBFCs. What
we thought earlier is
where the opportunity lies in large-cap companies. That is, it is
seen in these sectors. So
we are seeing opportunities from multiple sectors.
So when
the markets fall, don't panic,
don't panic, try to take it as an opportunity
.  Let
's talk to Annalise.  Kutumbarao, okay, yesterday's
Damal Manna also looks a little positive this morning.
According to what Gift Nifty is indicating, will it recover? Will
we go towards 24,300-400 levels again?
Nifty morning.
Yesterday morning,
in the comments, I also
said to expect suspicion.  When Iranian
Chief Kamani Funer said that if he
spoke very strongly in public against America, there was a
possibility that at some point this peace deal could fail, but
I didn't think it would fail so quickly and with such speed.  But okay, from here on out, we'll have to
see if the two sites can come to a moderate approach to a common ground. But I would say it's definitely very disappointing
.  Because the recent
decline in crude oil prices, at a
time when all the large crude oil importing nations are also feeling a bit relieved, is a sign that
rising crude prices mean that
inflation will be stubborn in the
coming months and overall
supply chain problems will not be resolved now.
Therefore, the impact on economies will definitely
be there, if not today, then tomorrow. If this
continues, then I would definitely say that
any correction that came yesterday is
slightly overdone.   I
would say that 300-400 points is okay, but 500-plus points were unwarranted yesterday because, given the
way the European markets reacted at that time
or the way US futures were, it should
have been cut at least only by 300-350 points.  Today,
I think the extra is that
only what fell yesterday will be recovered
and now the key will be 24,000 again
.  Because the
market does
n't even gain confidence until it crosses 24,000 on the upside and stands still for a couple of sessions.  And yesterday morning,
in the Nifty view, I
clearly said that if the
base of 24200-300 is breached, then the downside will
easily fall to 23800.
So, it was not a
surprise for me at all
because when it first
reached 23,200, it fell at super speed.
And yesterday, we saw the rupee fall by
almost 60 paise, the biggest fall in almost a month, and
we saw it fall to 95.55 at once.  And secondly, the
increase in crude oil prices is also one of
the reasons
.  Similarly, the Vicks also
rose 26% at once in the morning. You
said that the Vicks would rise a little at the opening. Then, with the opening of the week, it
rose continuously by 26% and went to 14.68. The
Vicks below 12 also closed at 14.668. This means that there
was a lot of panic in the market. It is clear that uncertainty has developed.
And Nifty call options also said that
both the weekly and monthly have once
unwinded near 24,500 and have mostly
shifted to 24,200-300. We
have also seen that  So I think they are now
seeing more open interest in put options than in call options.   The
highest put open
interest is at 23,500, so if at all it
slips below 23,800 and trades,
then the market may be in extreme
short term. I would say that the market may definitely display further weakness
and IT stocks may start today
along with TCS. Will the results be
positive or negative? If not, will it be expected or disappointed? If so, if there is
support from any sector, then
automatically I think the
market may go for further weakness. If
we look at the sectoral performance yesterday, we
saw that the indices from PSB banks to private banks fell anywhere from 2.72 to 2.5% to 5%.
Then FMCG
and auto all these have also corrected. At least they fell yesterday.
Only
metal and pharma defense
metals may see prices rise again, which is a
clear observation.
We have seen how all metal stocks have rallied in the last time the uncertainty has developed.  Then we saw the peace
framework come to the fore and
all the metal stocks connect
.  Telugu: We will have to see whether the
ranged rally in metal stocks that is starting now will
be sustained or not,
but I would say it definitely depends upon
West Asia
developments
. Elevated crude prices are definitely a negative for India, but that's what we think right now.  The government has
not reduced the prices of petrol and diesel so far. We
have seen some messages coming out in the media saying that even if crude prices decrease, it will be the same. But
now people should
also understand why they did not reduce it because there is
still no certainty and a firm
playground for prices. Therefore, I
would say that there will be no major moments in the market until the higher elevated prices of crude decrease. And on the other hand, we have been talking about the
deficit monsoon until now.
Now, looking at the last two weeks, the
monsoon was very vigorous.  And
these are actually floods that have also
occurred in some places.  But it's still the same
.  Even the presence of an even sprint is also a bit
problematic. There is a structural
die-cut.
We are also seeing meteorologists saying that the monsoon is in play. So,
overall, how the Kharif sowing season will
go will become clear over the week.
That too should be observed. And
leaving that aside, it is the monsoon or
individual stocks in the market or
sector-specific moments that
dictate the results.  So we would like to ask you to carefully
observe the Q1 results and commentaries
.  Now everyone
is saying that in defense and aerospace, the
order book has increased so much
that it would be good to say that only because
of order books, if there is
exuberance in that sector, it does
not mean that all stocks will increase.
Execution is important, execution
should be picked up. If execution is not good,
then any sector with an order book is likely to be
disappointed
.  If we observe carefully,
after all these orders came in, we saw how all the other
Vagan stocks like Titagar and others
rose, and Jupiter
Vagan and others like this, and then in the same
way, when the order book slowed down in the executions, they
fell and
were trading close to the 52-week low.  And similarly,
other stocks,
such as railway stocks, even cars, move
depending on the surge in demand due to execution.
Therefore, when looking at stocks like defense or aerospace, one should
carefully consider whether they have the execution capability and are able to execute well. Apart from
order books, if we
go only according to the order book, we should
also
understand that the deposits may be very high.  Overall,
uncertainty has returned to the market,
so I think it will be
difficult for the markets to grow as quickly as they thought. The
markets will only reward exceptional results
.  They don't even give
advice.  PCR is proof of that, as
we saw earlier, it dropped to 1.38, then to 1.38, and then to 1.38,  If the
PCR
put call ratio reaches 07, it should be said that there is an
advantage for positional traders and an
attempt can be made there.  I said, "But
Vicks told me to track PCR simultaneously
."
Speculative longs were not large,
with only two or three stocks of ICICI General Industries being seen.
We saw shorts growing fresh and well yesterday too.
It should be understood that stocks like Tata, ABB, AngelOne, Loda, etc. have been seen to be quite active recently, such as United Spirits, SBI Life, etc.
In individual stocks, the
same thing is true. Graphite Ala German unit may
be slightly weak due to closing.
JSW Fasha Commission may have an advantage due to the project.
SBI's
subsidiary SBI Funds Management
also has a public issue. Now the price has
also been fixed. It
said that the price band is 545 to 574. After SBI's
subsidiaries go for IPOs one by one,
see how much the intrinsic value of SBI will increase. In weakness, SBI is
one of the best stocks to buy in PSI
banks. I would say that SBI is without any
doubt. I would say that we should focus on that.
Tata Steel's take off is
good. It is
said that production has increased by more than 11%. If we
say that there may be a rally in metal stocks,
Tata Steel can also perform
.  In the other markets, the
focus will be on TCS results today
.  And then we will see further news flow from Nalco and
Sujakatco Pharma about their South African
expansion and
HFC announcing
an order book after being in a recent corrective mode. So
overall I think the
market will trade with extreme stock specific
moves.  So it is
said to avoid broad-based buying.   The
OK Standard Engineering Board
will hold a meeting.   The
board will hold a meeting on Saturday, July 11th,
not for results,
then the results will not come now to consider
and approve further issue of
equity shares by way of a
preferential issue. Who is this
preferential issue for? Do
you remember with whom the Japanese company has a technology partnership?
On the day of the last interview, I asked the Japanese director, "Will you
invest further in this company?"
He said, "Why not?" They have been asking for a long time.
Now, the promoter of this company is very
smart. He is called Nageshwar Rao. He is a
very smart, smartest
fellow. He is now
taking a stake in it by investing 70 crores. Maybe
we talked about that Japanese company earlier. It is a
subsidy company related to AJI. It is a
very strong company in technology. It is a Japanese company.
They do not need that much production there.
All the production is here.  They have the technology they need
.  So it is a win-win
combination for SCTL and that company
AJI. So now they are going to do
this preferential issue to give some more stake to AJI
.  Pricing is still
based on the market price, which we don't know yet.  So this is
definitely an interesting company and
SCTL should be on your watch list
.
And let's talk about how TCS numbers will
be today. After a short break,
welcome back to the Business Breakfast Show presented by LIC. Today,
EMS companies as well as battery manufacturing
companies will be in the limelight because the
government has given various concessions,
exemption from customs duty for display assembly manufacturing. A
good development for EMS companies. In the EMS space,
that Phanishankar sent an email. You
repeatedly say that you are sincere.
Who is this Bhavadeeyudu and what does it mean?
Kranti Garu, what is Bhavadeeyudu?
You say
Bhavadeeyudu. In the past, when we used to write letters, we used to write like this. Now, no one writes
letters in Telugu. If we write, we just
send a mail like Yours Sincerely. That's it. So, it means that you are my loyal one. Don't
say that I am your loyal one. Our grandchildren and great-grandchildren think that saying I indicates ego. How
wise were our ancestors? They used to
bring a good respect to everything. They said that it was not good to say "I" to every letter, every sentence,
every word.
They used to say "Bhavadeeyudu". At that time, Bhavadeeyudu meant "I".
So whenever you
say "Bhavadeeyudu", please
understand this word. Okay, so what is it? Kranti
Garu. TCS numbers are coming. The
foundation for the results season is going to
start today.  The opening ceremony is about to take place.
What will happen? TCS's result
expectations are very muted, meaning there are
no expectations,
the market expects it to be flat. Okay,
Vasal, I'm going to say the same as you said.
What expectations should we not have?
Revenues are going to be flat, and
wages have been increased
this quarter, so there will be
some margin pressure due to that.
So overall, the expectations are
not high, Vasan. The next thing is that the
results seem to be discounted given the current price range
.  But what makes the
difference is what to expect from the results,
management
commentary, what acquisitions are made next,
TCS is going aggressive in AI.  So
the results that come from it, the
outcome that comes from it,
it needs to be seen from when it is factored in.
Vasan garu, the deals are not big either,
but how it transforms the business model is
an
important aspect. We need to look at TCS results.
Vasanth garu, the focus on the whole buy and large
market is what the management commentary is going to be like. Commentary is the
key. Kranthi garu, the
management commentary is what the market is waiting for.
So what are your expectations? What is the main thing in the
commentary? What I am
guessing is that, okay, one, how will the deal wins be? Maybe
12 billion dollars in the last quarter.  This time they
are saying 7 to 10 billion dollars, but there are many
postponements happening with all these deals.
So what impact will it show? The
second is what commentary will be given on AI
.  Because now some
companies are making more acquisitions,
Coford did it,
Persistent Systems did it. I think the interesting thing is whether TCS is
going to make any acquisitions or
not. What is their next step in AI?
What is the commentary on this?
The only thing that comes is
cash, sir. They have plenty of cash. They can
give a small dividend
to the shareholders without announcing dividend buybacks again. Because
Tata Sons also wants a dividend. They can
deploy the cash properly without repeating these buybacks.
Whatever AI theme or upcoming things are there,
the market is waiting for some kind of commentary from the markets. But the
changes that have been coming in TCS in the last three to four months, in
what way are they
changing the business model, so the
market is waiting for the outcome from that.
Okay, let's see.
I think the numbers will come after market hours. We
will talk tomorrow morning.  Good
morning Ramakrishna,
good morning.
So how should we trade? Today,
Sensex options will expire.
Yes, today. Yesterday,
we saw the markets cut by 2%.
In all the broad indices, from Nifty
to Sensex, the main 20-day
moving average also broke and
closed below.  The main
Bollinger Band is the midline, the 20-
day SMA. Similarly, after June 15, we have a close
below the 20-day moving average, which is now the case. Similarly, the
support is the 50 moving
average support, but it
seems that it stopped there, not closing below it, but taking support there, but all these supports,
including Trump's statements, are at
risk of being cut again if something happens again.  However,
the market is
very important at 23800. If we look at the last
15 sessions, that is, almost a week,
23800 has been a very important
support. We have not been able to break that support in the recent
past. In case it breaks, there is a
slight risk that the market will go back to our next target of 23300.  So that should be noted.
All other momentum indicators are weak. In a
single day, the RSI went from 63 to 64 to
48. Similarly, MSCD,
MSC,
MSCD also showed a slight negative
crossover in the Bank Nifty, but the
Nifty has
not yet seen a negative crossover and
appears to be on the verge of a negative crossover.  Later,
in the histogram, there
are still faded green bars in the Nifty, but
in the Bank Nifty, there are clear red
bars, which means that the markets
will weaken further and lose some strength. The
situation
seemed to be somewhat panicky yesterday.
We saw that the
market, which had fallen slightly in the afternoon,
fell very harshly in the evening.  It is not clear whether Pony FIS
DS has made any sales.
Both are net buyers, meaning
they were initially selling. Perhaps they
bought some more at the end of the day and
created positivity at the net level
.  The advance declaration,
however, showed a very weak picture.
We saw only one stock increase for almost every 10 stocks.
You have already explained all these reasons in detail.
Kutumbarao, the increase in crude oil
and the weakening of the rupee are all
known to everyone. Therefore,
some caution in the market is
important now, so I would like to ask you to be somewhat cautious and do
selective stock picking.
Also, when looking at open interests, the
highest put writing is
seen at 23600 in Nifty, while in Bank Nifty, the
highest put writing is
seen at 56,800.
We are likely to see some bounce back in the May Bank Nifty today
.
We didn't rule out the chances of a slight recovery in the Nifty, so we
gave a short trade yesterday. We
gave a target of 80 points if we were not allowed to go short,
but the markets lost a lot of huge targets
.  So the trade
closed successfully.  Otherwise, positional
traders and those of us who are
positional traders or
those who have positional holdings don't need to
worry so much.
Ramakrishna says that the market is still in buy and dip mode, but it seems better to be intraday traders because the
situation is unpredictable.  Therefore, it is better to stick to intraday trading than positional trading.
Intraday trading is very difficult, but it is
very difficult to make money by trading intraday. At least the day-to-day conflict will
be resolved. Those who know can sleep through the night, otherwise, if they have a position, there will be confusion about what will happen tomorrow morning and what will happen the next day.
Okay, you'll have to go to
bed looking at a picture of Trump. You'll have to go to
bed looking at that picture of Trump.
Correct,
God God Trump
what should Trump do? Please don't tweet, don't
post anything on Truth Social. He
made it so that everyone's
situation is okay. Similarly, SBI stock is
also likely to be in limelight
because the SBI Fund Management IPO is
coming up.  The Rs 7,300 crore IPO
is coming in the price band of 545 to 574.  That's
because SV Fund Management is the
largest AMC in the country, followed by
IICI.  After that, the FCs are like this
.  So let's look at an interesting IPO. How
the valuations were determined is
key.  Still waiting for callers and mailers
.  Let's get a collar
.
Hello
sir, good morning sir, good morning,
what is your name?
Sharmila sir, what is my name
?
Sharmila Sir, Sharmila, Sharmila,
ask Sharmila,
Sir, I have three stocks.
Sir, I have
one or two shares of Hitap Energy at 32,470. Sir, what
else do they mean? Can I add them now?
The price will come down. Sir, okay. Next, I have
one or 50 shares of Electroplast at 750.
Sir, I have been holding them for one year
.  Um, I
am in a 25% loss, sir, it is
underperforming badly, can I sell it?
Sir,
can I sell it?
Okay, sir, can you
tell me a little about standard engineering entry points? Sir, recently I was
in a 50% profit, I sold it, sir,
I
sold it, they did a good job.
Would buy again.
Yes, we should try to hold on to
winning stocks like these. Okay, I
admit that booking profits is wrong, but we
need a little restraint.
Some of us have a habit of eating up as soon as we see a profit
.  Okay, Hitachi Energy PG
Electroplast is underperforming,
Family Governor PG
Electroplast is doing well in the EMS space,
PG Electroplast is the last time,
when there is a big crash and
even if there is a recovery from there,
the stock cannot stay above the top in a sustained manner
because if we had observed that crash when it happened,
many
people may have forgotten about the crash, but it was yes
recently, yes I think it happened
last October or
September.
I see that it is correct that a stock that is somewhere around 800 falls to 500, but even if it recovers from there, it keeps selling around 800 from time to time, and then 800 is also sold at 600 levels.  Yes
of now, the stock recovery does not
seem to be that fast. I want
some commentary on this Q2 and Q1 results. Do you want to
shift from this
to a stock like Cinema SJS?
Cinema SJS has increased. That is what should have
shifted from this to
Cinema SJS. But anyway, I say wait for the
commentary now because the bottom has come
near for Q1 commentary.
If the stock wants to exit, it has to exit and then
see that much commentary and then
re-enter. But I
say the stock is looking weak. Yes of now, we have also seen Hitachi Energy
correct from high to 38,000.
But fundamentally sound
stock has less liquidity
because it is a high-priced stock so the
moments will also be sharp. They
say hold it. Hitachi Hitachi  There is
no need to worry about energy, it will
return to the old rate
.  The reason for this connection is that the
last quarter result was very weak. I think
Jefferies, a broking
company, has given a target of 45,000 and said to
hold Itachi Energy.  There's no
need to worry.  Okay, let's take a short break
.
Nifty closed with a gain of 46 points in pre-open trade
.  Sensex 72
points Bank Nifty 125 points
A positive opening We are going to see
after yesterday's heavy losses Another caller is
on the line Hello
Veera Tenali Let
me ask from Tenali Hello Namaste
Sir Veeran
Namaste Tenali from Tenali Sir Sir tell me
sir I have MRPL 620 Is it only 154
rupees
Doubt MRPL
That Nitharaj Engineering 107 There are 930
Vikran Engineering too It sounds okay It sounds right right Okay
That Kranthi Sir
What is the situation of Vikran Engineering Vasant Sir
Vikran Engineering But
some retiree investors are holding well
Recently we have
also seen a pullback rally.  The buy-and-hold
business model is fine, Vasant,
but there is a lot of speculative
activity going on in this counter.
So, you should look into this and build up a position in this stock
.  I would
say hold for now, but the
thing is, many people are coming to this stock after
seeing the name Ashish Kachodya,
but we should
not come after seeing his name, we should look at the fundamental analysis. Since when have the
main retired investors
been talking about Vikram Engineering, that is, when the name Ashish Kachodya was
displayed
in the shareholding pattern, there has been a little speculative activity in this stock since then
.  I would say to be a little cautious and
hold for now.  These
solar EPC companies have lost some charm and
fancy,
so the market is also underperforming
.  Okay, what can the family do with MRPL?
MRPL should also exit in the rally
because it is creating great wealth. I
thought that at
current levels, a very small
rally to 180 should be used as an
opportunity to exit.
Okay, another caller is on the line. Hello, Namaste. Let me
ask.
Their energy is
trading near 3200 and 2820.   Should
it be averaged, held, sold, or
just booked a loss?
You'll see activity again soon, especially in Vari Energies, Premier
Energies, and the like. The
family says that in just one minute, the market
will open.  Let's talk about our energies after the opening.
Nifty
opened with a gain of 85 points, while Sensex is
also seen with a gain of more than 200 points. At
this time, Bank Nifty
is seen with a gain of approximately 190, 180, 200 points.  And the advance-
decline ratio is in favor of
advances. Out of 844 stocks,
488 are in advances and 410 stocks are in decline. In NSC,
1198 stocks opened with gains and 410 stocks
opened with losses.  So
we are seeing a positive opening. Among the Nifty losers,
Bajaj Finance, Hindalco, Cipla,
Max Healthcare, Dr. Reddy's
Slabs NTPC Tech
Mahindra, TCSL Tech
are showing losses here.  Adani
Group stocks are
showing gains. Adani Enterprises,
Eternal
Shriram Transport, etc., all of these also
started with gains for us.  Let's
take a look at the midcap space. In the midcaps,
Bharatiya Etal also performed positively.
In the midcap, Kalyana Jewellers rose 6.6%, 6%.
This stock was strong yesterday as well
.  Some buying is seen in Choice International, Ventive
Hospitality, Dixon Tech, Sirma, STS,
Swiggy, Amarraja PG, Electroplast,
So Battery and EMS companies.
MorningMCA Kapari
Global, Wellsone Corp, JSW Energy, Indus
Towers, Netweb Technologies, Amber
Enterprises. All such counters
also opened positively.
Among the losers, HFCL is
down 2%, Infosys Page Industries Aegis
Logistics TCS Jansar Tech as well as
Sapphire Foods Rights Gland Pharma
Campus Activeware Five Star Business
Finance. We see selling in such counters
.  So Amara Raja also
rose by 2% with
the news of customer duty exemptions and
what are the concerns about HWB visas? The American government has launched an investigation into whether some kind of fraud
scam has taken place in HWB visas
.  So all the IT stocks are
down, Ramakrishna, so there are chances of
some volatile moves in the markets today
.  Also, the stop losses are all
too far apart.
Due to yesterday's high range trading, it is better to
avoid trading today as much as possible, as there is a
risk of triggering stop losses.
Okay, right, volatility seems likely to be very high today
.  Okay, let's go to the emails.
Aryan sent an email.  He wants to invest
Rs. 10 lakh in CE Info Systems
for two years
.  It may not be
such a great investment for the family, but it is definitely
not because the
stock definitely
had a lot of interest in the past, and on top of that, there was also a lot of interest in the new generation stock,
but the
results have definitely been a bit disappointing from time to time
.  So
even if there is a relief ralli,
we will see it fizzle out. So I
think that when we think about it for another two years, I don't think this is a
right choice.
He bought 2000 shares with a caption.
Previously, it was Rs 288. Now he
wants to buy another 1000. Can I buy it
at the current price? It wo
n't be at this price for a long time.
But so far, I can say that this stock has a good opportunity. You can
buy it at the current price.
Jannat Kumar, his Fractal Analytics,
and Sai Parentals buy these two
for the long term.   They are
two good investments that you can buy, but
definitely watch out for the results.
And now the market
is also in a bit of a corrective mode, so be
careful with the entry point and buy,
okay, Parthasarathy sent an email.
KSH International Apar Industries is
looking to buy these two.  Kranthi
garu bought these from KSH. The
stock transformers that have been in the news recently are
other types of
HVDC products. The name of KSH is heard a lot in this space
.
Kranti Garu, is
Kranti Garu gone? Okay, both are
the names that are being heard a lot in this power transmission segment now, and the momentum is
also high.  Family members can buy it.
Apar Industries has fallen significantly here,
but without any doubt it is a good stock. The only thing is that as
you said, it is
also a momentum stock, so you need to
be careful with the entry point.  Because the
stock has already traded at a close to its 52-week
high,
where it was trading at 17,000 until recently and now it's at 14,000. If you
ask me, buying at a close to
13,000 will be a bit safer. The
advantage is that the stock will have
paid up 10 percent at some point, and the stock will gain speed
.  Even though it is said to be for liquidity,
there are expectations, so you
can start accumulating closes up to 13,000 OK, even in dips.  Because it is one
of the largest companies that manufacture these winding wires.
This is followed by Union
Bank.
Nageswara Rao is asking. Union
Bank has 150 shares and they are in a 10% loss.
What can be done to average?
Why do we do averaging for a 10% difference? If the
fundamental story changes, then we should
think about it. But whether it will be an exit
or not, Indian Bank is at least as good as
the numbers it had before, so if it is a
business number, it has
been given as positive. But we should
also carefully see what the result will be.  I am a little skeptical about whether the rally is
complete in the short
term banks,
because if we observe the corrections yesterday, I think
Union
Bank went to 200 plus in March itself and
corrected continuously from there. If you
ask me, I would like to
exit the rally. Maybe it will close
to 165. Once it exits, it will be better. Okay, what do
you want to close? There is still
a lot of time, right?
Venkata Krishna Rao sent an email to
TVS Motors Shriram Finance. I thought we should buy these
two for the long term. At
what rate can we buy them? Ramakrishna
sir, tell me the entry price of TVS Motors
.
EVS Motors has been rallying nicely for the
last few sessions.
After yesterday's low, the stock opened at the
same low today and started rising again from there
.
You can take fresh positions in this stock here
3683 is happening now. You can
buy fresh positions here.
Okay family, can you buy Shriram Finance?
Definitely buy here because you
can accumulate in every decline. It is now too much to ignore. All
NBFCs have also become too much. Even with
foreigners' stake, everything
is said to be on declines.  VSV Sai
Kumar is already holding HDFC Life. Can
this be added again?
How can HDFC Life vs. SBI Life be compared?
Which is the better stock? The
insurance sector is
not so bullish. The market is the
same. It is a little difficult to
compare the two.
But SBI Life will definitely
outperform. I am definitely
seeing that. Normally,
in the retail market, I see business
marketing. Everything is so
aggressive. SBI Life is the
largest bank.
Banks have an advantage.
They have a
bit of a skill set in online marketing. They are able to
improve and
sell. That is why the stock
went up to 2000 and now it has
corrected moderately and is at 1800.  HFC Life
compares to SBI is another stock
Narmada is asking NHPC is at
Rs 90 LIC Housing
Finance is at 550 Graphite India is
at 500 What can be done This is
graphite rallies say exit
and LIC Housing Finance
only that it is health do not create
but study is that high dividend name
and steady stock all that means
volatility should also be low.  I
want decent returns in the medium to long term. If I
think I can be happy with even 20%, can I buy housing finance at
this rate?
Explain the entry level.
Overall, solar packs are not doing so well
in terms of the market, but their
financials are all doing well.
But the market has lost its fancy.
One thing to note is that this is a good opportunity for the long term.
This sector is Ramakrishna
's entry level. Oriana Power.
Oriana Power
has formed multiple bottoms here near 1475. If not for this stock, there
is also a fear that another dip will come. There is good support in this stock around
1295-1300.
Sunitha, who did not take an entry at that price point, is asking. Zomato is in 50% profit and
HCC is in 24% loss.
What can be done?
Zomato is also going to exit.
Rallis is going to happen. And HCC is a dark
house contract. It is a risky
bet. It may be nuclear. Whenever it
comes up in a story, HCC's
name keeps coming up.  A
rally may come at that time and your losses may be recovered.
Thank you Kudumbarao garu and Ramakrishna garu.
This is today's breakfast show. Thanks for
watching.