Good Morning,
welcome to the Business Breakfast Show presented by LIC.
Asian screens
are looking positive after the various developments that took place this morning.  In Asian screens,
except for one or two markets like the Hong
Kong Stock Exchange, and excluding Chinese markets like the
Nikkei Taiwan,
we are seeing gains in indices like the Nikkei.
A positive opening is indicated. The
GIFT Nifty is indicating a positive opening of around 60-70 points.
After the losses we saw on Friday, Mumbai has received
rain. This should be
seen as big news for the markets because this
monsoon will
come when it is supposed to. I
also spoke to Kudumbar over the weekend and he also
said that the monsoon is getting delayed, which is negative for the markets.  But luckily, during the
very late monsoon season, it did
n't rain until June 25th.
In Mumbai, it was 22nd today, so
I told my family that it would be great if it rained before the 23rd.
Luckily it
rained today.  That's good news for both
urban areas because there is a lot of
water shortage in cities, be it Mumbai, Hyderabad,
Chennai, all other cities have
this water shortage problem, and if there is
even a little rain, there is a
chance that it can be overcome.  There was also an occasion when the
Strait of Hormons
was closed in various ways that weekend, and then closed again
.  Because
tensions have again arisen between the US and Iran because of the
Lebanon issue.  Trump
made various statements.  If
you don't stop supporting the highly paid proxies you have in Lebanon, we'll have to do a lot of
this, which means we're just
trying to follow this
news, so there's a bit of a gap.  Those
apologies were a
warning to Iran in that Iran.
Trump made serious statements, saying, "If you don't stop funding and encouraging some of the people you are encouraging in Lebanon, we will attack you again."  However, Pakistan and Qatar, these two
countries, came forward very aggressively and
made reconciliation efforts while sitting in Switzerland.
In the words of the Iranian Foreign Minister, it was said that
we are now agreeing to this agreement because of the continuous efforts of these two countries
.  So let's see how
these efforts move forward because
whatever the 60-day window, whatever the 60-day
period, within this 60-day period,
because the public posturing
is very aggressive, the other parties are also
saying that if we do it ourselves, we do it ourselves.
But despite the public postering, the
prospects depend on how quickly both sides resolve the issue within this 60-day period.
Iran, however, is saying that the First Lebanon De-
Conflict Cell should take the first step on this
.  So anyway,
let's see
how the markets
take these developments. This
morning it
seems calm because Brent crude
rose at one point and now it's back
to $79.  So when
the news came that the Strait of Hormuz was closed, it
went back to around 82-83 dollars and is now around 79 dollars
.  Last weekend, 55 commercial
ships reportedly passed through the Strait of Hormuz,
shipping 17 million barrels of crude.
Therefore, if the situation continues like this, it is
certainly good that
we will see good days for the equity markets again
.  This weekend,
we
got news of an IPO related to Jio Platforms.  Overall, finally, for a long
time, we have been waiting for that
news relentlessly, and finally, okay,
now the Jio Platforms IPO is
coming. Mukesh Ambani himself announced in the AGM that
today we
are filing the Jio Platforms prospectus.
So, broking companies
have also taken this positively
because Jio Platforms is going to be the
biggest IPO in the history of the Indian capital market.  Approximately 4
billion dollars, or 37,200 crores, is a huge
figure, but it came to 37.7 7 1000
crores, or 37,700 crores,
for the IPO, which is the largest ever public offering,
called the DRHP, or Draft Red Hiring Prospectus.  It was filed by
Jio Platforms. On the same occasion,
Mukesh Ambani announced that
we are going to launch the Leo satellite constellation.
So,
Jio Platforms has the potential to create a sensation in the satellite sector as well
.
Now the
previous NSC IPO was normal.
Even then, we thought it was an IPO of Rs 30,000 crore. Let's
compare NSC with BSC
.  Now, a comparison is being made between Jio and Bharatiya Etal
.  Because there are only two of them,
even though we have Vodafone and BSNL to our name, the real competition is
between them, with a market share of around 85 to 90%.  So since
this is a geo-political market, if you
compare both of them,
then the market cap of Bharti Airtel is
now 11 lakh 64,300
crores.
Based on the market price as of Friday's close,
Jio is now expecting a valuation of $110 to $120 billion
.  This means that Nizio expects a market
cap that is roughly the same as Bharti's, which is Rs 11,64,000 crore
.  So
a big bang IPO is coming.
This is going to be very big news for Reliance in terms of market cap
.  Because
we are also looking at it globally.  On the other hand,
we saw how much of a sensation the IPO created when Elon Musk's company was listed the other day.  Also, there are
openings there, and there are
also mechanical IPOs coming up.  We have NSC
and Ajio
Platforms IPOs coming up.  So
these are all very, very interesting IPOs
because such big IPOs are coming up at the same
time, maybe in the American market, maybe
here, maybe even in Hong Kong.
I saw the news this morning that big IPOs are coming up.
Even though so many IPOs are coming up, the appetite is
not decreasing anywhere. Quality IPOs, big
IPOs, issues of big companies are
getting support.  They are almost stable even after the subsequent listing
.  Maybe they are
sustaining at the higher
levels even after a slight correction after the hype. All this is
an evolution that is happening in the capital markets.
We should try to understand this evolution
.  It is also not correct to assume that something that happened in the past in history will
also
happen now.
Let's see because none of us could have imagined this.
We never thought that such big IPOs would come. 30,000
crores, 35,000 crores. When Maruti's
IPO came,
even today in the Economic Times there is a comparison with Maruti. Will JioNSC be able to
create wealth like Maruti after the IPOs come?
So global
investors may have a low view of such IPOs and
Indian markets in general
.
You can leave here, but when such an IPS
comes, you will participate.  Say
Goldman Sachs or Morgan
Stanley, they will definitely
invest in such IPs
because we already know that Jio
Platforms has attracted some global investors in the past
.  Those
companies are some of the
biggest global majors in the world, like
Meta Google
for example, Reliance Industries has a 66% stake in Yes
of NowGio Platforms
Equity
.  Meta has a 10% stake,
while Google, the Facebook company we know as Almost Meta, has a 7.73% stake
.  APIF Saudi Arabia has 2.3% 3%
KKR 2.3% Vista Equity All these PE
companies have 2.3% 3% So Elagio
Platforms has gained global recognition as one of the most valuable
digital ecosystems made in India
.
We will know in the coming days whether global investors still have the same view or how they view Jio Platforms because we are lagging behind in some race.
Otherwise, let's see if Yes of Noujio Platforms is
making news and how the response to this IPO will be
.  In
other market highlights,
FIS bought stocks worth Rs 4,859 crore on Friday
.  DIS sold for 1160
crores but FI buying is seen as such a large amount due to the Food Sea Regime
.  An inflow of 600 million dollars has
arrived.  Therefore, this figure
appears to be a
normal sell-off for other counters, with mid-caps and small caps performing at an almost 1:1 ratio.  So
focus on mid-small caps.
This is where the real action is, so
we can definitely pick up some good companies and get excellent attractive returns from the mid-small cap
space.  So,
how should we pick those companies? These are
topics we talk about every day. Let's
talk to the analyst.  Kudumbarao,
that fresh
trading week is about to begin.  There is
also a holiday on Friday this week.
There was trading for those four days.  What are the
trading prospects this week?
The markets should remain in consolidation mode
because at least the 24,000
level should be maintained
because we are watching the market and we have seen that there will be a lot of
buying from lower levels, especially
in the broader market.  If
we look at the entire week, we can see that if the Nifty or
Bank Nifty rose by 1 1/2%, the
Midcap Index or Smallcap
Index
rose by almost 3% to 4%.  So, what
I think is clear cut is whether the
market is slowly becoming complacent or not,
and whether it is
definitely sustaining at higher levels and
showing signs of slowing down
.  Well, we
also have more domestic action.
Now there are both NSC IPO and Jio
Platform IPO.  Leaving aside how much
money will be stuck in this and whether this will
affect secondary markets, it should
be understood that there will definitely be some impact, but it is clear that it will.
However, global cues are softening a bit,
so the
first round of tariffs in Switzerland, the US
pressure on Iran, and the May
deal will continue. Israel will also
snub the dispute. There are
indications that Iran and Israel are playing spoilsport,
so I think that
the deal will definitely be unavoidable for the Americans at some point
.  It will continue and the
State of Farms will open again. It may be
closer to the 70s. If
crude is sustained to the 70s rather than the 80s, it will definitely be a
relief for India
.  However, the rupee
remained relatively unchanged on Friday.  But if we look globally,
after the Warsh meeting, the
US dollar index
rose to an almost 11-month hike after the US Fed meeting, the dollar
index rose to a four-decade low, and then
fell.
If we look at all these, we can see that the dollar may
be in a dominant position for the next couple of months, until at least there is
some clarity in the mid-term elections about
how much Republican strength there is
.
When oil prices were
said to be closer
to 80, Iran's state of emergency was lifted, but I
think it may not have a big impact.
Yes or no, the
whole world has become accustomed to a price between 80
and 90 dollars, and economies are
resetting in many countries due to
higher crude prices and higher
inflation. So,
any decrease from here would be positive, but if it increases, it would not have the
expected impact until it reaches 100 dollars
.  Okay, this week, a couple of
cues clearly dominate, meaning
apart from the US Iran tax,
FI trading activity after a long
hibernation, literally, we saw
net FIIs buying around Rs 3386
crore last week.
Even if FIIs buy stable R marginally instead of selling it from here, I
think it should be seen as positive for the markets
.  The rupee has also
gone as high as 96.96, so now it is
about two rupees above two and a half rupees above two rupees, and if it
gets well below 94 near 94.34, it will be even more positive
.  The
possibility of rupee appreciation also
seems to be a yes now because
if FIS is not sold and the FCNR is
liberalized the
central government may be able to
inflow more money into the debt market than banks, which may be
better. However, the biggest
question mark is still the
progress of the monsoon because we
already have a deficit of 30 to 40%
depending on different areas.  And since the
key factor for agriculture output, rural demand, inflation, and all other things is the
monsoon, it is also important to watch whether the monsoon will be well
distributed or
regionally specific, with a higher
deficit in some areas
.  It is important to understand that all of
these things are clearly visible, regardless of the impact on the crops in those areas
.  So I
would say that is one factor which is uncertain.
So if that factor is
clarified, then the monsoon spread may be a bit,
but the markets may become even
stronger. But otherwise, it is
a range bound on the downside, it may be
23,500 on the upside, it may be 24,800, that is,
this broad 1000 point range may have
slipped in the next couple of
months.  Call
options are mostly around 24500, while
put options have also piled up near 23500
.  On Friday, some selling pressure
emerged and
put options developed from around 24,000 to 23,500.
But let's see. If Nifty stays above 24,000 today, or even
moves into the 200 band at 24,100, I
think put options will cut 23,500 and
move back to 24,000. I would say that
Bank Nifty has
maximum call options around 58,000
.  We need to observe how the Bank Nifty
momentum will be.
We saw that the PCR decreased along with the market weakness the other day, dropping from 1.12 to 0.9 at once
.   We have
repeatedly said that if the close approaches 27, it is a buying zone.  One
advantage is that the fear gauge, which is what
Vicks calls, indicates fear, but
it is only below 30.
So we can say that it is favorable for the bulls
.  Speculative longs
have seen some buying positions in the long-term trend.  Some speculative longs were
also seen in Motherson Bharat Forge Bajaj Finance JVTD
.
Shorts persistent Muthoot Tata
Elise Infosys Coforge Remarkably,
shorts have built up again in software stocks
.  We'll have to see
how they hammered it over the weekend after the elevator
.  But we also have to see if these short-lived shots would be prolonged if not for them
.  Conviction with
Delivery D-Mart Bharatiya IIC
UPL, let's see what the moments will be like,
Ken's Technology is the
only one on the ban list.  However,
new stocks are
coming to the fore in terms of volume.
Even today, if we look at it again,
Garvari Technical Fibers has come back after a long
time of action and has lost about 14%. It is a
fundamentally good stock. It should also
be remembered. Local stock Bhagiratha
Chemicals is a speculative activity.
That
stock moved 8% more than the fundamentals, which means it has increased by about 44 lakhs with
volume. We should observe that.
Aksharchem has also seen a rise of
about 13% with some volume after a long time.
But the most interesting thing is that among
paint stocks, Berger
Paints, which is FMO stock,
has also increased by more than 10%, which means it has
closed at about 556.
So, new stocks and Panama
Petrochemicals NCL
Industries, NCL are
also very strong. Our local stock is now
in the Coromandel fold.
We have also seen an increase of almost 15%.  So, it remains to be seen whether these stocks will continue to rise
even after the volumes come in. Whether
expectations are rising along with the June results,
or whether specific news is also
rising along with them, remains to be seen.  I want to
trade stock specific, sector
specific and within the sector, that is,
activity increases in particular stocks, so I want to see, so I
also saw a drill that our viewers regularly ask about, transformers and rectifiers, which
also increased significantly, by
almost 10%, with volumes exceeding four crores
.  It is very important to see whether it will be sustained or
not. All in all, it is said that there is still a
bearish trend in a declining
market.
Okay, so in the coming days we will talk
about the NSC IPO and the Jio Platforms IPO.
Mostly, the current
Jio Platforms market
cap is based on the IPO valuation. The
Economic Times has reported that the market has the potential to value Jio
Platforms at Rs 14 lakh crore. This
means that it is between Rs 14
lakh crore and Rs 17 lakh crore. So in
total these
companies are
going to emerge as companies with a market cap of Rs 31 lakh crore. Reliance plus Jio
Platforms combined means that the current 4%
overall share not Nifty overall market
cap in India market is
4% in India market cap, which is
now 7%.  This is how value is being unlocked,
normally
due to IPOs coming from big groups and big companies.
Follow by Afcorsa, HFC Bank has 12 lakh
crores, Bharatiya Etal Indaka has 11.6 lakh crores, we are saying 64
lakh crores.  Then the list of
largest market cap companies like ICICI Bank and SBI TCS
appears.
There is also another interesting twist.  CareLile
is a private equity company.
Next year, after all the IPO buzz, that
company,
Highway Loop, a company related to that group, and RCM,
two healthcare-related
companies, RCM Asset, are going to come up for public issue.
So, a lot of paper is going to
come into the market. There is no need for any rush,
and the market is always leaning towards something new
.  So older companies are lagging behind
.  We should also
pay careful attention to this.  Moreover, it is
not correct to add to portfolios the same companies that once did very well but then fell sharply.  We must move forward by taking into account the ever-
changing circumstances
.  Let's take a break.
After the break, let's talk to Krantikar and Ramakrishna
.
Welcome back to the Business Breakfast Show presented by LIC.  Fresh
trading week is about to begin.  The
opening looks likely to be positive
.  As per what Gift Nifty
suggests.  Okay,
what about Kranti Garu? Even if he is
in Mumbai or Andhra, he missed Vasa Garu. He
missed the Mumbai rain
.  They say it's a big miss, so it rained nicely
.  When it
rains in Mumbai, the whole country
celebrates.  Because
all investors, especially in our equity markets, are so excited about the
upcoming AntiGeo Platforms IPO.
What do you think? There is no
discussion on this in the Mumbai broking circles.
If you look at Vasantha Garu's Jio platform,
now the company has been
projecting this company under the telecom business as normal for a long time. What is the Jio
projection?
Reliance projection or
Mukesh Ambani's projection is a management
projection, but it is being
projected under a technology company.  So
after listing, when a stand-alone company
comes under the revenue-wise
comparison, if we compare the revenues from last year's FY 25 to FY 26, the
revenues have increased by 15%.
Vasanth, what I mean here is that it might be fully
priced in IPO till it comes on the IPO table,
but there are growth prospects from here too
because there is a
possibility of opportunities emerging domestically and in technology.
You probably told early investors, like Meeta
or Google, that those who
invested during the pandemic will have
an exit next,
under value creation
.  Next Vasant Garu, it gives
a positive indication to the FI
investors also because when all the FIs are
exiting, these investors
who came in the form of private equity and
invested in Jio have a good multiple
return, so it gives a sense that despite the
negativity, even though the
rupee is depreciating, it is going to
give a positive signal, so there is a possibility of an increase in activity in the private equity market
.  So overall, investors think that it's a
good company. Telecom is a
very strong theme and is going to
emerge even stronger in India. The
telecom subscriber base is
growing at a rapid pace. If we
look at the last one year,
we see that even Vodafone Idea, which we thought was a dead stock, has doubled
in the last one year. So, there is
a revival in telecom right now
.  They have emerged from 23 players to 2 1/2
players.  Okay, so the
Vodafone Idea will of course be
fulfilled.  So three
players emerged.  So, there is a
lot of opportunity.
Investors who invest in the medium to long term would definitely be wise to invest in this IPO.
Vasant is a
technology company and the
prospects look good.
There is good interest from HNI family officers. Apart from this, if we leave
aside the PMS of domestic institutional investors, normally there is a
very strong interest from mutual funds in the
Agio IPO. Sir,
once the
IPO is officially issued, there is a possibility of
very strong interest from the anchor book,
both
domestic as well as international
partners and international
investors.
Overall, this stock should be viewed very
carefully. If there is any
sharp decline after listing, then this is
definitely an IPO that every
investor should consider for the long term,
sir.
Let's see, there was
a big hype when Jio Finance was listed,
but it has been sitting idle for three years,
testing the patience of investors
.
I'm going to say the same thing, there was a
lot of hype when Jio Finance came out
.  Next, almost all the
time, there is Jio Finance,
but what is the advantage of Jio
Finance? It is a highly
competitive market. There are many
players. They are starting their
business at a scratching stage. Where are we? Jio is a
Geopoly market. There are only two companies.
So, we have seen how it has disrupted the market in the last five years. There is also
another thing. Jio is now not just a digital
platform, that is, a
digital telecom venture that provides AI cloud services,
but a digital platform, a
new entity that projects itself as a company that will take this sovereign AI
forward
.  It remains to be seen how
successful this company will be
.  So, good morning, Ramakrishna.
How should we trade tomorrow?
Tomorrow is the most important
option expiration. So,
overall, last week,
we saw a positive close of 390 points for the Nifty
.  This is mainly due to FIs
becoming buyers again. Out of five
sessions, FIs were net buyers in three sessions
.  We can also say that the gap up that we are experiencing and the
markets staying above that gap up are all
good things
.  From here, we can understand that
even if we buy FIS in small amounts, the
markets will recover well
.
We have seen that the main markets, particularly IT, have fallen to very low rates in segments like this. In recent
times, it may have been FI selling, otherwise,
lack of enthusiasm for the sector may
also be a reason. Otherwise, there is
no serious fight, artificial
intelligence is lagging behind. These are the
reasons. But overall, the markets have
recovered well. With a gap up
from last week to this week,
we have seen a good recovery from the bottom in the Friday section as well.
That is, the lower side
wick is the lower wick in both the
Nifty, Sensex, Bank Nifty, and all the indices. The
Nifty is trading above the smaller moving averages. All
these can
be considered positive factors for us.  That Higher Higher Higher
setup is now intact.
We can expect even more from here
.
We have immediate
support of 24,800.  Similarly,
in terms of resistance, I would say that 24,700 is an
important resistance, even though there are small party huddles in the middle, and there are huddles near 24,500 and 24,600
.  So Nifty is
good and there are chances of a good rally from here
.  Barring the occasional bout of
geopolitical bad news,
we can understand that the overall market setup is changing slightly, and
sector rotations are also taking place
.  We are also seeing that previously beaten down
stocks are now rising,
like Indian Hotel Taril,
stocks like this, as well as LG
Electronics, all of which are seeing
good falling trend line
breakouts, flat breakouts, which means we are
seeing changes in sectors and stocks, which means
we can understand that investors are moving towards new sectors, new stocks, and beaten down stocks
.  Also, when it comes to Bank Nifty
technicals overall
Bank Nifty has also
made a good rally, made a good gap up last week and is now
trading above the 200-day moving average.
We are also
seeing crossovers in the smaller moving averages. We are seeing the 20 moving average trading above the 20
moving average and the 50 moving average
.
Similarly, the RSI is also strong,
near 67.81 and 81. The ACD is also closing
above both signal lines and reference lines.
Similarly, the histogram is also
showing green bars in recent times.  Overall, the overall
setup is very good.  The Vics
is also comfortably near 12.82, which is
also a good sign for us.
Further, if we look at the open interests, the
highest writing is at 24000 call in Nifty,
and the highest holding is
also seen there. Similarly, the
highest writing is at 23950 put, which means that
we can understand that the markets are still consolidating slightly and moving up
.  In Bank Nifty, the
highest call rating is 58000 and the
highest put writing seems to be 57500.
Bank Nifty is likely to be
in a big range, i.e.
500-600 points range with a little volatility,
but it may be one, so if the markets
rally well today, there
is a possibility of a call side pipe move in this particular case.
Open interest is
okay, so the markets pre-open trade
looks positive for us.
Nifty is showing a gain of 40 points,
Bank Nifty is still
not showing an opening trade.  That
represents a gain of 450 points for the Sensex.   A
positive opening is going to happen.   We're
taking a short break. Let's catch up on
emails and calls after the break.
Nifty gained in pre-open trade.   A
gain of approximately 100 points
is seen at this time.  So
we are preparing for a positive opening.  Callers are waiting. Let's
take a caller.
Hello sir. Namaste.
Ask.
My name is Sudarshanacharya. Sir.
Ask. Sudacharya. Greetings. Sir. That Ayyagara Motor. Sir. Yes.
Ayyagara. Hello.
How much did
IDARL come? What does IDARL mean?
No sir. No sir. IDA
Ayyagara Motor. Okay. That.
Egarshi Motors. That. Sir.
Ayyagaru.
Okay.
That. And. Swift Lab. Yes. And.
Swift Lab.
Ind. Swift Lab. Oh
yes. Sir. Can we buy these? Sir. At what
rate should we buy them? Sir.
Okay. You are trying to explain these. All
these names are good.
We can call them by their names. Correct.
Now. Igarshi Motors. In. Swift Labs.
Kudumbarao. Can we buy these two?
Igarshi, however, said that we will wait for these results, as it is
not one of the good stocks in the auto component space.  Micro
Motors is a company that does all these things, like the
motors that operate windshield cleaning blades, but definitely the
performance of the last two or three quarters has not been that inspiring,
so I would say let's see after this quarter's results, so don't rush
.
Inswift Labs is one of the
companies that has grown quite a bit recently. It has
doubled in value. It has been
near its 52-week high for the last few months.
Now that it is near its 52-week high,
I think I should wait and watch and
buy after seeing the quarterly results. If I were to buy with momentum, I would
definitely put a stop loss. But the
stop loss is far
away. It is near 158-159. So, I should only
buy if I dare. Current levels are near but otherwise I would wait
till 160 to buy.
Okay, there is another caller on the line.  Hello
sir, good morning sir, good morning
.
Sir CG Power Jain,
how are the fundamentals of resource recycling?
Where can we enter the price levels? Sir
CG Power, what else do you have to say?  Jain Resource
Recycling Sir
Jain Resource Recycling is the company that was listed recently.
How is it fundamentally? Because there is
a little more volatility.
Sir is
Kranthi tracking these
companies? CG Power Jain Resource
Sir, CG Power is a stock worth adding without any shadow of a doubt
in every decline. Sir, in fact,
CJ Power will have to be added under that monthly SIP stock.
Sir,
CJ Power is a company that is making good progress in the semiconductors segment in our India
.  Next's core
business, the power equipment
business, is also doing well.  So, you can
add the power of the spell to every decline.  Jain Resources is not going to make
any serious
investment, but there has been a lot of
speculative activity
.  If we look at the stock, we almost all
went to the 600 level, then to the 594 level, and then we saw a sharp decline again
.  So,
we have seen many people trading well when there is a little speculative activity. If you want to take a fresh position at this time, you should only do so if you have a
high
risk appetite. Otherwise, you should wait until the
next quarter's results and
then make any serious
investment decisions
.  Maybe he wants to buy 100 shares
long term, so he can add slowly since 25 is
a bit of a bottom price in this price range
.
But I would wait for the results of
one to two quarters before making any serious investment
.
This non-ferrous metals
recycling company has very huge turnovers, but its profit
margins are low.  So, we should be a bit
skeptical and
give it some more time. As Kranthi
said, there is another caller on the line
.  Hello Namaste
Sir Namaste
Andi
My name is Raghunath Reddy Sir I
am speaking from Nandyal
Raghunath Reddy Ask I have
10 locks Sir
Okay
for now I want to buy Kirloskar Oil Engine either
Jupiter or IRFC I want to
buy
Kirloskar Oil Jupiter Wagons
IRFC.
Yes sir, what do you say, if you say it,
what do you say, tell me, tell me, can you
buy Kirloskar Oil, can you buy
IRFC, can you buy Zooter Vegans, can you buy Iloskar Oil? I would say buy it because every dick line can buy it. The company can do much, much better at current levels and oil engines are also increasing in demand now due to the lower monsoon. I would say definitely buy IRFC. We have seen a lot of
underperformance. All railway stocks are past their
best times. So I would
say exit in rallies but not buy. But for extreme shot
term positional trade,
IRFC seems okay now
because the stop loss should be around 90. The
stock can go up to 115 to
120. At that time, there will be no exit.  It
is in the trading zone,
but not in the investment zone.   I think
Jupiter Vagancy will be the exit in the rally, but
I think All Railway Vagancy is also past its best
.  That Vande Bharat story is over, but all
this is over. Unless
the Government of India does something fresh for
modernization and
extension programs in the Railways,
I think stocks will
rally from here and there may be
selling at difficult every rise.
Recently, we also said that when a short-
term run-up came on Jupiter, we were told to
exit immediately, but we were
told that it was around I think
300 plus and the stock has
now come to 270.  It's still a
64PE stock so we'd say avoid it.
Okay, so there's
another caller on the line.  Hello Hello
Sridhar Kurnool Sir Good morning to all
of you
Good morning Ask
that Enviro Clean Max FCL
Finotex Chemicals Present Level
Entry Sir
Enviro Clean Enviro Clean and what else is there
Finotex Chemical
Finotex Chemicals Can I buy it Sir I have
seen Finotex rally recently but I would definitely wait
for this quarter result
because the stock is showing good activity.
Buy and Large is not a decent company, but
I would say that after this recent rally, I would say that you should
buy it only after it corrects. Finotex
is Finotex, Envira Infra
Engineers is also a listed
company. The activity is
good. The last quarter result is okay. I would
say it is a very good result. If
we look carefully, these environment-related
recycling stocks, waste
management stocks, all these are also
showing a revolving activity.  Because
the country is definitely interested in those stocks as they focus on the circular economy
.  I would wait
for a small correction in Invira Infra and avoid it till then. I would
buy 200 at RB closer to 200
.
Okay, the markets
are open.  So we see a positive opening
in the markets.
Nifty, Sensex, Bank Nifty all three
opened positively. Nifty is
seen with a gain of about 65 points.
Okay the
internet hung up a bit,
Ramakrishna can
you please
take a look and tell me where to trade the levels?
So, the markets should start in the higher range,
that is, above the resistance level 2 that we gave.
Now the
market is trading above 24100 for five minutes. If
the markets are trading above 24100, you can
try a long attempt with a
stop loss of 2455. You
can try a long attempt with a stop loss of 24050.
Try long attempts, okay,
now
Nifty majority of the stocks are
showing gains and
if we look at the breadth, 1759 stocks are in advances
and 713 stocks
are in declaration. NSC also
has a breadth of 1761 433 in NSC, positive.
Just now someone asked about Kirloskar Oil, it
opened strongly and
Jio Financial opened positively. Tomato Siva
rose 1.62%.
We are seeing a positive opening in this as well.  Kiloscr Oil
is up 12.47% 47% so maybe
one of the top gainers in the midcap space as
well as Nifty stocks like SIPL,
Infosys Eternal HCL Tech Trent
Tata Motors,
Soita pack is seen buying. HFC
BankBL and such have opened for us in profits
.  Also, if we look at the mid-cap,
Kirloskar Oil is a top gainer, New
India Assurance, Old Toss Gardenary
Shipbuilders HFCL HFCL
rose another 4%, Shobha Limited,
Kirloskar Brothers, So there is
good activity in Kirloskar Group stocks
.  If we look at the recent one to
two months, we can see
good activity in all Kirloskar Group stocks
.  Then, profits are seen in counters like Slas
Bangalore, Schneider Electric, ABSL,
AMCRVL, Blue Star PB, Fintech,
PG Electroplast
.  So we are seeing a good
opening,
we are seeing a positive opening.   Let's
move on to the emails.
First Mail Bhanu Prakash BSC
has 25 shares worth 3,300,
so should I hold it for the long term or sell it
?  Can a family hold a B.Sc.
?   I want to do it old.
Now there
is also an NSC IPO. Actually,
all these comparisons start
from the PE ratio to the earnings.
Everything is in the NSC higher PE, which
means it will definitely be an IPO.
So they ask us to wait. Gill NSC
IPO is over. Okay.
Then they
are writing about the mail caption. Who is Sai
Sri Sai from Hyderabad?
Details about the event to be held on the 19th. The 19th
event has been postponed. A little bit. They are
still
working on it. We all know that ad fill.
Nagarjuna is going to be the
brand icon for Caption
Home Services. So
all the arrangements related to it are also being made. Maybe the
event will be held in the first week of July
.  So this is again
another stock to watch after Pratap Reddy from Chennai. He has a bank with him. NCC
247 at Rs 31. Sujalan
62 YDS 240. Can I
hold these? NCC
bought them at a very high price. Do you want to hold Sujalan 247 YDS?
For the long term,
if it is S of now, I would like to hold them
because we are seeing that all the small price
stocks are also a bit
active now.  However, if
he comes close to winning the prize this season before the results, I think
UCO Bank will
exit, but I say wait, Sujalan has just
started his activity.  I heard that the new ad campaign is also
catching on, which
means I always say to watch ad campaigns carefully
because stocks move along with advertisements
.  The most recent one is
AVT Natural, now Vijay Sethupathi,
Vijay Daggubati, Rana Thoti, and the new one is also
good.  Maybe all such stocks will
grow along with the ads.
After that, Praveen Kumar Arunachal Pradesh I think I
remember him coming to our workshop. I think we talked about HFCL is it time
to book profit at
170. Today, it
looks like 220-230.  Kranthi sir, can
HFCL book profit or
hold? I would like
to do it if it is a pre-cost.
Sir, there is a strong momentum and there are
also announcements that the company will enter the defense sector as a subsidiary, so there is a
good height and speculative activity in the stock.
Vasan sir, we have
seen how the back lower circuits have been hit in the last 15 days.
Therefore, I would say to withdraw the first capital at this time, do
FOC and
hold the remaining position.
Um, some long-term story is
seen in this. This is also a
company that is moving forward with a huge order book in HFCL
.  Then there is zero momentum.
Chinni Rekha is asking, IEX
ITHL HCC IRCTC Samvardhan
Madasthan G Entertainment, what should we do with
all this?
We recently saw this entertainment industry rally
from around 25-30% lower levels when the World Cup football rights were acquired by India.  But it's not a
great stock to hold immediately,
unless there is news on further restructuring developments, so if it's a
yes for now, we'd say hold with a stop loss
.  IRCTC has repeatedly
said
that the sales rallies will come a little later in the higher levels of results
because they usually
give good results after the holiday season.   They
say that IRCTC's June quarter results may also be good, but when the rally comes, they will tell you to exit.
Okay,
after the mail, Ravi Krishna said
he would buy some defense stock. He
asked Kranthi to tell him which stock he could
buy. A defense stock.
Kranthi has
many stocks. Vasan slowly
watched our show and said that defense stocks are fairly priced. They are
not that cheap because
we have seen many strong rallies. So, he
can add slowly. He said that if he wants to add, he should add
Cochin Ship Pad or
BDL. They are attractive in terms of valuations. He can add slowly in
dips. These two
stocks are
stocks that can be added in dips. So, Nifty is
trading with a gain of 120 points. Sensex is trading with a gain of 400
points. Bank Nifty is
trading with a gain of 130 points. This is the time. Thank you,
Kutumbhu. Kranthi.
Ramakrishna. This is today's breakfast.
Show Thanks for Watching