Good morning. LIC is the business breakfast show. Global
QC morning is a week. One day we are going
to go to the market. We are going to go to the global markets. We
are going to perform
Korean markets, Taiwanese markets, Japanese markets.
Self -Defense Strikes on to. Iran Foreign Minister, Iain chala, Iain
goda Donald Trump laane chala udhvega ngang on taadu. Chala aggresiv ga on taadu. Iain,
America maa determination ni, US has chosen to test our determination
parikshishto on di maa sahana ni and to Iain a chopthu naadu. Matta meeda parishti
udhriktha ngang on taadu. Iyite, thank God and call. Iain chopthu naadu, oil market ee
pari namaa lukku gathraathri anthaka challenge lai da na chopthu naadu. Crude prices yippudu 92
.35 aegre oonai. Theraglaed. Malhi e 94 ko, 96 ko vella alasindi.
E pari namaa lukku sushin appudu. Kaani vella alay. Thwarku munchi dhe.
So US markets lo last night technology stocks. Malhi selling zari gandhi. Nasdaq
intraday range ga nanko choozthe. Chala volatile ka trading zari gandhi. Koenth sep labhaal lho,
koenth sep nasdaal lho. Alaa trading zari gandhi. Last 3 years lho, fourth largest intraday
range atti dhi. So at 20 oka wakari manuko
Nasdaq kala kaanpi nchindhi. Dowzon svalpanga laabhaaltho kala jayandhi. May be akkada koda yippudhi old
economy versus tech stocks. Naruswondhi. So old economy stocks lo buying zari gandhi appudu Dowzon
s perut hondhi. Tech stocks lo buying zari gandhi appudu Nasdaq S &P 500. lo
koda yippudu more than one third weightage or movements anni koda tech stocks kaananga ne
usnayai. Yee stocks anandhi le da semiconductor stocks anandhi.
So, the IPO is filing. So, any price, any paper, any paper, any paper, any
paper, any paper, any paper, any paper, but prospectors file. Anthropik is also in the
Q. So, this is the first time, many IPOs. This is the market for hundreds
of billion dollars.
Good morning. LIC is the business breakfast show. Global
QC morning is a week. One day we are going
to go to the market. We are going to go to the global markets. We
are going to perform
Korean markets, Taiwanese markets, Japanese markets. We
are going to have a lot of sales.
We are going to have a lot of higher levels.
We have more than 100 % of the Korean index. We are going to have
a lot of correction. So, in the morning, the Korean index is 2 %
of the market.
So, the U .S. markets last
night, technology stocks started. NASDAQ's intraday range,
the fourth largest trade was very volatile. A few years ago, a few years ago,
the last three years, the fourth largest intraday range.
Semiconductor Stocks or Adventry Stocks. In the American markets,
there is one because of the investigation crisis. There is no
new highs in the market. But now, the supply is coming.
The large tech IPO supply is coming. Google rise
around $80 billion or $75 billion. Now, SpaceX IPO market is coming.
Weverall is a company SEC. It is a company that has been given.
So, any price, any Weverall is filing.
Good morning. LIC is the business breakfast show. Global
QC morning is a week. One day we are going
to go to the market. We are going to go to the global markets. We
are going to perform
Korean markets, Taiwanese markets, Japanese markets.
on the gift -nifty indicators on the
weakness of the COVID -19 opening in the last year.
Since the SINSEX is 40 points, the bank -nifty is 1100 points.
And the nifty is stronger, close guard. So, in this case, Asian markets global
Qs are the gift -nifty switch. So, the negative opening in fact,
The Iran Foreign Minister is very
aggressive and aggressive.
The US has chosen to test
our determination, on the Sahana, and he says, thank
God,
the fourth largest trading has been being on the fourth largest. It has been very
volatile trading, in some ways, in the US market, in the last three
years, the fourth largest intraday range has been. the 20th, one of
the vikery has been shown by Nasdaq, and the Dow Jones increases the way to
the Dow Jones, It is called the world economy versus tech stocks. So, the world
economy stocks have been buying, the Dow Jones increases the way to the Dow Jones.
stock slow buying, Nasdaq, S &P 500. Because S &P 500 is now more than
one -third weightage or movements of tech stocks. What stocks are there?
Semiconductor stocks are there. I don't think stocks are there. In the American market, the
situation crisis is one thing. There is no challenge in the market.
But now, supply is now. There is a large tech IPO
supply. Google rises around $80 billion or $75 billion.
Now, SpaceX IPO market is now. SpaceX IPO is now closed.
The issue price is now. There is a listing. So, there is a lot
of success. SpaceX is now listed.
So, if you look at the same IPOs, you can see
the index of the S &P 500, so if you see the price movement,
you can see the index of the index. So,
if you look at the next 1 -2 months in the American market, there is
a crucial testing phase.
Good morning. LIC is the business breakfast show. Global
QC morning is a week. One day we are going
to go to the market. We are going to go to the global markets. We
are going to perform
Korean markets, Taiwanese markets, Japanese markets.
Gift -Nifty indicates a weakness of the COVID -19
opening I think it's a big deal. Since it's
40 points, Bank -Nifty is 1100 points. And Nifty is
stronger, close guard. So in this case, Asian markets Global Qs are going to be
a gift -Nifty switch. This is a negative opening.
strikes and to check the so -called self -defense strikes and to the Iran foreign
minister I am chala I am goda Donald Trump plan a chala udhvega ngang a
unta du chala aggressive ga unta du. I know America ma determination
ni US has chosen to test our determination parikshistho on the ma sahana ni an
to I know chepth na du matta me da parishti udhrikht ngang a untau. Ayitthay
thank god anko awli. Neutiante oil market e pari nama ala kuk gathraathri anthaka challenge
lai dhane chepthali. Crude prices yippudu 92 .35 agri avonai. Theragla edu. Malhi 94 ko
96 ko vella alisindhi. E pari nama ala kukuk gathraathri. Kaani vella ale.
So anthwar kuk munchi dhe. So US markets lho last night technology stocks lho
nne malhi selling zari gandhi. Nasdaq intraday range ga nanko choosthethe fourth largest
and dhe chala volatile ga trading zari gandhi. Kontha sep labhaal lho kontha sep nashaal
lho ala trading zari gandhi. Last 3 years lho fourth largest intraday range atdhidhi. So
20 oka vaikari manuko Nasdaq kala kanapin chindi. Dowzon
svalpanga labhaal tukkulo jayandhi. May be akkada goda ipadhi old economy versus tech stocks narustho
ondhi. So old economy stocks lho buying zari gandhi. Dowzon s perego thandhi. Tech stocks
lho buying zari gandhi. Nasdaq S &P 500. S &P 500 lho goda ippadu more
than one third weightage or movements vannhi goda tech stocks karananga ne otsna hai. Eee
stocks anandhi. Leada semiconductor stocks anandhi. At one T stocks waran hai. Eekkal aaj American
markets lho oka tti investation crisis sanayadhi oka karanavai tte. Dhani ka anthaka akkada
market lho challenge lhe edhu new highs price and touches hai. Kaan ni ippad akkada
supply perego thwo ondhi. Eday thay ipo, large tech ipo supply
perego thwo ondhi. Maunna google rise chesindhi around 80 billion dollars 75 billion dollars.
Ippadu tajagamalni spacex ipo market lho ondhi. Spacex ipo bahu sa
e
ee zara kubo thwo ondhi. Maura oipopene i ee ee ee ee ee chaat gpt
promoters naostho ondho. A company ipo confidential li
ipo ato ento madhi. Confidential tante. Paasa a weverall ni aante a
company s e c ke ee ee ee ee ee ee pein da ne ee
amsa anni baihti ki vekthan chahi iru. Adhi confidential tante. So ae ipo filing chesindhi.
So ae price
Good morning. LIC is the business breakfast show. Global
QC morning is a week. One day we are going
to go to the market. We are going to go to the global markets. We
are going to perform
Korean markets, Taiwanese markets, Japanese markets. We
are going to perform some good sales.
We are going to do a lot of sales. We are going to get a
lot of higher levels. We are
going to have more than 100 % in the Korean index. We are going to
have a correction. So, in the morning, CoSPE also has a Korean index of 2%.
Sir. So, Kool Chweesan Thrawatha, Iran Medha Maldi, America Kone Daadal Chesan. Ivi Self
-Defense Strikes Antu Chyotnaar. So -called Self -Defense Strikes Antu. Ika Iran
Foreign Minister, Iyan Chala, Iyan Goda Donald Trump Laane Chala Uddwegan Ga Untad. Chala
Aggressive Ga Untad. Iyan America Maa Determination Ni.
US has chosen to test our determination Parikshistho Andi Maa Sahana Ni. Iyan
Chepthu Naadu. Iyan Chepthu Naadu.
Oil Market is a challenge. Crude prices are 92
.35. Iyan Chepthu Naadu. 94 and 96.
Iyan Chepthu Naadu. But Iyan Chepthu Naadu.
So, US Markets, last night,
Tech Stocks are buying, NASDAQ, S &P 500. Because S &P 500 is now
more than one -third weightage or movements Tech Stocks are selling. Why
Stocks are selling? Semiconductor Stocks are selling. I don't think stocks are selling.
Investigation Crisis is one thing. The market is not a challenge. New highs are
touched. But now supply is now.
promoters knows the company, IPO, confidentiality,
confidentiality and the company
SEC came in the name of the company and the company came in the name
of the company. So, IPO filing. So, any price,
any way of the company, any way of the company, but prospectors file.
Anthropics is also in the name of the company. So, this is one of the
few IPOs. This is one of the hundreds of billion dollars in the market.
So, this is one of the few IPOs, I think the business channels have come
out. This is one of the most important things.
SpaceX IPO marks the peak of AI euphoria.
Good morning. LIC is the business breakfast show. Global
QC morning is a week. One day we are going
to go to the market. We are going to go to the global markets. We
are going to perform
Korean markets, Taiwanese markets, Japanese markets.
so on the gift nifty indicators on the
weakness the coordinate 20 opening no ninnati labhaal tharavata ninnamanaan
choosha since x shumaraga nal gondola point peri in the bank nifty ayathe 1100 points
peri in the alagi nifty goda strong close garden choosha so ee samayon lai te
Asian markets global qs asura to gift nifty switchistho on this so upanga negative
opening no in fact thaiwan laanty indices koda 1 .5 % aurakkuu nashaltha manki samayonla
kaanipistho nai pradhaan karanam in tiyan tiyan tiyan tiyan tiyan tiyan tiyan malli vestation udhrikthethel
ovaipur 1 -3 rooza loo deal kudhurttho nthi hantadu donald trump tharavata pūrthi vijayam maadhe
Kool Chowayasam, you can see the helicopter in the street of Hormuz behind the chakarlaburthavundi.
Sajangane, Iran -Kee Aakshapenayayanga on the ground. So,
Kool Chowayasam, Iran -Medha, America -Konni daadil. It was self -defense strikes on the
ground. So -called self -defense strikes on the ground. Iran -Foreign Minister, Iain
Chala, Iain Goda, Donald Trump -Learnay Chala Udvayaganga on the ground. Iain Chala,
Iain Chowayasam. Iain America, my determination.
US has chosen to test our determination on the Sahanaan.
Iain Chowayasam.
Crude prices, Iain Chowayasam.
But Iain Chowayasam. So, US Markets, last night,
technology stocks, and money selling. NASDAQ intraday range. Iain Chowayasam.
Fourth largest. Iain Chowayasam.
or Semiconductor Stocks or Adventry Stocks. In the US,
there is a situation in a situation where there is a situation in the United
States. There is no challenge in the market. But now, there is a supply.
There is a large tech IPO supply.
Google rise around $80 billion or $75 billion. Now, SpaceX
IPO market.
Confidentially, IPO is confidential. Weverall is a
company SEC is a company. It is confidential. So,
IPO is filing. So, it is not a price.
But, prospectus is filing. So, the price is filed in the market.
The other IPOs are going to be the same index.
The S &P 500 is going to be the same index. So, when the price
movement is going to be the same index, that is the same index.
So, in the next 1 to 2 months, American markets, it is a crucial testing
phase.
Good morning. LIC is the business breakfast show. Global
QC morning is a week. One day we are going
to go to the market. We are going to go to the global markets. We
are going to perform
Korean markets, Taiwanese markets, Japanese markets.
or 2 % Nashtam Thomanak Karnipiswondhi Gift Nifty
Indicatorswondhi Weakness the COVID -19 Opening Nenna T Laabhaal
Tharavata Nenna Manan Chooissaam Sinsex Shumaraga Nalgaundala Point Bank Nifty Aitthee 1100 Points
Pairi Aitthee Alage Nifty Koda Strong Close Guard Aitthee So Eee Samayunla Aitthee Asian
Markets Global Qs Aasaraato Gift Nifty Switchiswondhi Swalupanga Native Opening
In fact, Taiwan Indices Koda 1 .5 % Orakkuu Nashalthamankhi Samayunla Karnipiswondhi
Pradhaan Karnipiswondhi Malli Vestation Udhrikthethel Ova Aippur
1 -3 Roze Loh Deal Kudhurtthoindhi Antadu Donald Trump Tharavata Purtthi Vajayam Madhya Antadu So
Eekkada Eee Tee Anei Parishithith Yavarkki Abdhanga Nenna Iran
Eee Ngeisindhi Amerikakke Cheneyithin
the US market is a good one. So, thank God, I have
said that the oil market is a good one. The crude
prices are 92 .35. The price is a good one.
But it is not good. It is a good one. So, the US market last
night, technology stocks started up in the last night. Nasdaq's intraday range,
fourth largest trading was very volatile. In some sort of trading,
last three years, fourth largest intraday range.
dollars. Now, we are in SpaceX IPO market. SpaceX IPO is very close to us.
We have to decide the issue price. We have to list the listing. So, we
know that we have a lot to do. SpaceX is going to list. We
have to open AI, ChartGPT promoters, that company is
confidential. Confidentially, IPO. We are
in SpaceX, company SEC is filling.
So, any price, any paper, but prospectors file.
Anthropics is also available. So, here is the very few IPOs. We have to
market 100 billion dollars
So, if you look at the other IPOs,
you can see the index of the S &P 500. So, if you look
at the price movement, you can see the indexes and indices. So,
in the next 1 to 2 months, the American market is a crucial testing phase.
Good morning. LIC is the business breakfast show. Global
QC morning is a week. One day we are going
to go to the market. We are going to go to the global markets. We
are going to perform
Korean markets, Taiwanese markets, Japanese markets.
We are looking to get higher levels. We see the market, Korean index,
more than 100 % are.
So, in this case, we have a gift -nifty. So, we have a negative opening.
In fact, Taiwan's index is 1 .5 % of the stock market. First
of all, we have a small investment. We have a deal
with Donald Trump. So, we have a small investment.
in Iran. So, we have a small investment
in
the US.
Donald Trump's plan is very aggressive and very aggressive.
America's determination, the US has chosen to test our determination on the
Sahana, and he said that.
thank God. He said that the oil market is not a challenge.
in the last three years ago, fourth largest intraday range. So, a 20,
a vikery, a few
years ago, maybe, old economy versus tech stocks. old economy stocks,
a few years ago, S &P 500.
in the US markets,
SpaceX IPO market. SpaceX IPO is very close to the market. The
issue price is very close to the market. there is a listing. there is a
lot of things to do. SpaceX, how to list it, and how to go.
OpenAI is a chart GPT promoters that company is a
confidentiality and confidentiality.
It's been a long time, and it's been a long time. So, the IPO has
been a long time since the business channel, and it's been a long time since
the IPO has been a long time, and it's been a long time since the
IPO marks the peak of AI euphoria.
and it's been a long time since the IPO has been a long time
since the IPO has been a long time, so, if you
want to see the price movement, it will be a long time since
the IPO has been a long time. So, in the next few months, the American
market is a crucial testing phase.
Good morning. LIC Sound Piston Business Breakfast Choke Svahakatho. Global
QC Morning Viggane Karnpist Naya Manu. Markets Loh, one day, one day, one day, one
day, one day, value at 20 .30. Global Markets Lohgoda Ippure Previous Inchindhi.
Nenamundu Thakka Bhutanga Perform Jeeves Naya Anu Konya Korean Markets, Taiwanese Markets, Japanese
Markets. We Tunnit Lohgoda Ippure Manuakko Mundukki Venakki Kadalade
Dwarani Previous Inchindhi. Koontta Selling Goda Ossoondhi. Yenagantte Chala Higher Levels Maanam Choo
Saoondhi. Koonni Indices like Korean Index Landuvi More Than 100 % Perigai
E -Adaadiloh. Yikada Correction Anayinth Previous Inchindhi. So, E -Morning Kospi Goda Korean Index Goda
2 % Nashtam Thoomana Kanipiswondhi. Gift Nifty
Indicators on the Weakness of the Coordinary 20 Opening
Nenna Tee Laabhaal Tharavata. Nennamundu Thakka Choo Saoondhi. Sinsex Shumaraga Nalagondala Point Perigai E
-Adaadiloh. Bank Nifty E -Adaadiloh. 1100 Points Perigai E -Adaadiloh. Nifty E -Adaadiloh. Nifty E
-Adaadiloh. Close Cardan Choo Saoondhi. So, E -Adaadiloh. Asian Markets Global Ques A -Adaadiloh.
Gift Nifty's Switches Thoondhi. Swellponga Native Opening Nungu. In fact, Taiwan Laantii
Indices Koda 1 .5 % Orkku Nashaltha Manuki Samayin Loh. Kanipiswondhi. Pradhaan Karanam, E -Adaadiloh.
Mally Vestation Udhrikthetheloh. Oh, E
-Adaadiloh.